DataGrid - Getting Started: Add ASP.NET Core Overhaul (#8900)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/DataGrid/00 Getting Started with DataGrid/10 Customize Columns/6 Fix Columns.md

#include common-tutorialbutton-named with { url: "/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Columns/Column_Fixing/", name: "Column Fixing" }

> When the width of all columns exceeds the UI component's width, a horizontal scroll bar appears. To ensure specific columns always remain in view, enable [columnFixing](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/GridBase/1%20Configuration/columnFixing/enabled.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columnFixing/#enabled'). Set **columns[]**.[fixed](/api-reference/_hidden/GridBaseColumn/fixed.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#fixed') to `true` to initialize fixed columns. Define [fixedPosition](/api-reference/_hidden/GridBaseColumn/fixedPosition.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#fixedPosition') to specify a fixed column's position or implement a sticky column. Users can also modify column fixing options in the component UI using the DataGrid [context menu](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onContextMenuPreparing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the total column width exceeds the UI component width, a horizontal scroll bar appears. To keep specific columns visible, enable [columnFixing](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/GridBase/1%20Configuration/columnFixing/enabled.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columnFixing/#enabled'). Set **columns[]**.[fixed](/api-reference/_hidden/GridBaseColumn/fixed.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#fixed') to `true` to make a column fixed. Set [fixedPosition](/api-reference/_hidden/GridBaseColumn/fixedPosition.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#fixedPosition') to specify the fixed column position or create a sticky column. Users can also change column fixing options in the DataGrid [context menu](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onContextMenuPreparing).
```

Author: I would like to slightly simplify the "make a column fixed" bit:
```suggestion
When the total column width exceeds the UI component width, a horizontal scroll bar appears. To keep specific columns visible, enable [columnFixing](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/GridBase/1%20Configuration/columnFixing/enabled.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columnFixing/#enabled'). Set **columns[]**.[fixed](/api-reference/_hidden/GridBaseColumn/fixed.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#fixed') to `true` to fix a column. Set [fixedPosition](/api-reference/_hidden/GridBaseColumn/fixedPosition.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#fixedPosition') to specify the fixed column position or create a sticky column. Users can also change column fixing options in the DataGrid [context menu](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onContextMenuPreparing).
```

Reviewer: Yes, that looks fine

> When the width of all columns exceeds the UI component's width, DataGrid enables horizontal scrolling. To ensure specific columns always remain in view, enable [columnFixing](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/GridBase/1%20Configuration/columnFixing/enabled.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columnFixing/#enabled'). Set **columns[]**.[fixed](/api-reference/_hidden/GridBaseColumn/fixed.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#fixed') to `true` to initialize fixed columns. Define [fixedPosition](/api-reference/_hidden/GridBaseColumn/fixedPosition.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#fixedPosition') to specify a fixed column's position or implement a sticky column. Users can also modify column fixing options in the component UI using the DataGrid [context menu](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onContextMenuPreparing).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the width of all columns exceeds the UI component's width, a horizontal scroll bar appears. To ensure specific columns always remain in view, enable [columnFixing](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/GridBase/1%20Configuration/columnFixing/enabled.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columnFixing/#enabled'). Set **columns[]**.[fixed](/api-reference/_hidden/GridBaseColumn/fixed.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#fixed') to `true` to initialize fixed columns. Define [fixedPosition](/api-reference/_hidden/GridBaseColumn/fixedPosition.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#fixedPosition') to specify a fixed column's position or implement a sticky column. Users can also modify column fixing options in the component UI using the DataGrid [context menu](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onContextMenuPreparing).
```
